src/README.md, before:

# Help My Memory

## Description of the project

This is an simple and easy app to store all kind of information, you would like to remember. The intention is, that this should be a all in one tool for both passwords and general information.

## Instructions

You need to sign up, and here after you can start creating collections and memory cards for collections. Collections is meant as high level placeholders for a certain topic. Memory cards, which is the chilren of the collections will store the actual information you would like to store in this app.
Collections:
On the collections you upload an image and write a title. The image will be the decoration of your collections card. All images for collections is uploaded to, and hosted on Claudinary.

Cards:
You can create two types of memory cards, one meant for passwords, and one called standard for everything else.
Password Cards: You can input title, description, username and password. The password will be encrypted when stored in the database and decrypted so you can always see it again.
Standard Cards: You can input title, description and upload a file to Claudinary. You can upload any file type you want, and download the file again for viewing.

## Wireframes

(https://github.com/dkbobenn/help-my-memory-client/tree/main/public/wireframes.pptx)

### Technologies:

- Java Script
- jSX
- HTML
- CSS
- NPM React
- NPM react-router-dom
- NPM Axios

### Pages

- Homepage
- CollectionListPage
- CollectionDetailsPage
- EditCollectionPage
- CardDetailsPage
- EditCardspage
- LoginPage
- SignupPage

### Components

- AddCard
- AddCollection
- CardList
- Navbar
- IsAnon
- IsPrivate

### Other:

- Make the styling
- Setup Heroku and Mongo Atlas connection

## Setup

You can find help-my-memory here:
https://help-my-memory.netlify.app/

## Project

https://github.com/dkbobenn/help-my-memory-client

## Team

Bo Bennetsen

## Future work

- Enable user to see, when an image or file is uploaded and ready on Claudinary, before you save a collection or card with file upload.
- Styling of EditCollectionsPage
- Styling of EditCardPage

## Resources

- MongoDB
- Mongo Atlas
- Netlify

Commit message:

Styling of CardDetailsPage and EditCardPage and EditCollectionPage

src/README.md, after:

# Help My Memory

## Description of the project

This is an simple and easy app to store all kind of information, you would like to remember. The intention is, that this should be a all in one tool for both passwords and general information.

## Instructions

You need to sign up, and here after you can start creating collections and memory cards for collections. Collections is meant as high level placeholders for a certain topic. Memory cards, which is the chilren of the collections will store the actual information you would like to store in this app.
Collections:
On the collections you upload an image and write a title. The image will be the decoration of your collections card. All images for collections is uploaded to, and hosted on Claudinary.

Cards:
You can create two types of memory cards, one meant for passwords, and one called standard for everything else.
Password Cards: You can input title, description, username and password. The password will be encrypted when stored in the database and decrypted so you can always see it again.
Standard Cards: You can input title, description and upload a file to Claudinary. You can upload any file type you want, and download the file again for viewing.

## Wireframes

(https://github.com/dkbobenn/help-my-memory-client/tree/main/public/wireframes.pptx)

### Technologies:

- Java Script
- jSX
- HTML
- CSS
- NPM React
- NPM react-router-dom
- NPM Axios

### Pages

- Homepage
- CollectionListPage
- CollectionDetailsPage
- EditCollectionPage
- CardDetailsPage
- EditCardspage
- LoginPage
- SignupPage

### Components

- AddCard
- AddCollection
- CardList
- Navbar
- IsAnon
- IsPrivate

### Other:

- Make the styling
- Setup Heroku and Mongo Atlas connection

## Setup

You can find help-my-memory here:
https://help-my-memory.netlify.app/

## Project

https://github.com/dkbobenn/help-my-memory-client

## Team

Bo Bennetsen

## Future work

- Enable user to see, when an image or file is uploaded and ready on Claudinary, before you save a collection or card with file upload.
- Error in Edit collections, cannot upload a new file
- Error in Edit cards, cannot upload a new file
- Styling of Card Details page for password cards
- Styling of EditCollectionsPage
- Styling of EditCardPage

## Resources

- MongoDB
- Mongo Atlas
- Netlify
